V1.0.0 RC (#182)
OWASP/maswe: weaknesses/MASVS-CODE/MASWE-0042.md

---
title: Running on a Recent Platform Version Not Ensured
id: MASWE-0042
alias: run-on-recent-platform-version

> requirement: "The app terminates if an unsupported OS version is detected."

Reviewer: Must be kept in-line with 'outdated app version'
```suggestion
requirement: "The app takes action if an unsupported OS version is detected."
```
But I'm wondering in which case this issue actually comes up. The app will have a minSDK / min iOS version. If the developer changes this value, users would stay on the old version of the app which could/would then already be covered by 'old app version'. 

Though apparently it _is_ possible to not specify a min version, at least on Android. So I guess the weakness still makes sense.
